#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile ./requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via sacremoses
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.5.3
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.6.2
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
huggingface-hub==0.4.0
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via requests
joblib==1.1.0
    # via sacremoses
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
libclang==13.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2022.3.15
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.49
    # via transformers
scipy==1.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   sacremoses
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.24.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tf-estimator-nightly==2.8.0.dev2021122109
    # via tensorflow
tokenizers==0.11.6
    # via transformers
torch==1.11.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.17.0
    # via -r ./requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
